#Resume
This repository is intended to showcase the projects on which I am
currently working. Most of my focus in recent months has been on
developing my coding skills in DRLip (Deep Reinforcement Library)
because I am fascinated by the power and possibilities of using an
evolutionary model to train artificial neural networks using only random
numbers. I have recently begun developing additional skills in wheelPole
as well.

I first came across the DRLib algorithm when working on a project in
Flappy. I was trying to train neural networks to play a version of
Flappy Bird (an iPhone game), but I could not figure how to get the
networks to render a set correct answer for any given state. For most
points where the bird is located on screen, the user can elect to either
“jump” or “not jump” the bird and still survive (assuming all its
following actions are correct), but there are also some places where
jumping or not jumping can mean certain death for the bird, so I…

WheelPole uses the same algorithm as Flappy, but I have found that the
coding is much better for what I am interested in doing. I started
working on this project after I fully grasped the tenants of OOP. I am
currently using wheelPole for a project in my Electrical Engineering
course. I am building an inverted pendulum controlled by a reaction
wheel. (Example:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlzi8Q5G42k&ab_channel=GraysonG), but
rather than use a PID controller to determine motor output I plan to use
machine learning to control it. WheelPole definitely provides a useful
simulation for this training, although it is slightly similified since
the motors are able to output a constant torque at all times, which is
not quite accurate. Nonetheless, the core of the physics is spot on and
the machine learning seems to be both quick and accurate.

NOTE: I was advised to remove most class projects from my school folder
since it is being posted on a public forum, which could allow other
students to plagiarize my work. I decided to heed this advice, but I
have left one project in the folder from my Data Science Class because
it was for an open-ended prompt.
