# Resume
<Still needs editing>
This repository is a showcase for the projects that I am currently working on. The majority of my focus over the last few months has been spent on the development of the code in DRLib (Deep Reinforcement Library). I have been fascinated by the power of using an Evolutionary model to train artififical neural networks by using only random numbers. I first came across this algorithm when working on flappy. 

In flappy, I was trying to figure out how to train neural networks to play a version of Flappy Bird. The issue I was having was that there was not a set correct answer for any given state. To explain what I mean further, I will assume that you have some understanding of how the iphone game Flappy Bird works. For almost any point that the bird is at on screen, it could jump or not jump and still survive given that all of its following actions where correct. There are definetley some places that it can be where jumping or not jumping means certain death as well. ***Not done

wheelPole uses the exact same algorithm as flappy, however the code is much better because unlike flappy, this project was started after I fully grasped the tenents of OOP. I am working on a project for an Electrical Engineering class this quarter where I am planning to build an inverted pendulum contolled by a reaction wheel. (example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlzi8Q5G42k&ab_channel=GraysonG ). However rather than use a PID controller to determine motor output I want to use machine learning to figure out how to control it. wheelPole is the simiulation for this training. It is still slightly simplified because the motors are able to output a constant torque at all times which is not quite accurate, however the core of the physics are spot on and it sucessfully learns quite fast.

I was advised to remove the projects from my school folder as being posted on a public forum could allow future students to plagerize my work. I did leave one project that I am pretty happy with from my Data Science Class as it was a more open ended prompt.
